# v1.0.2 (Patch Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new patch release of the `typescript-actions` package. It includes small, non-breaking changes and should require no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Explicitly bundle the specific package entrypoints we are using too.
    - We import from `@alextheman/utility/internal` as a separate entrypoint to the package too.
    - As such, that needs to be listed as a dependency to include in the bundle otherwise the action crashes.

## Additional Notes

- All of this just feels so wrong!
- Usually in NPM package management, we want to try and reduce the bundle size wherever possible. But here, because GitHub Actions does not install dependencies for JavaScript actions because it sucks at dependency management, we now have to bundle everything.
- It feels especially wrong here because I know what better feels like in other TypeScript projects!
- At least with usual GitHub Actions jank, I don't know better so I'm more trained to accept it by now. But things like committing dist? Bundling every single dependency? This just feels unacceptable, yet here we are...
- I can't even lie, this might eventually start being the least comfortable repository to work in, even more so than even the regular `github-actions` repository. Mainly because a lot of it fights a lot of the instincts I've developed from developing other packages - like, this isn't how a good TypeScript project feels like it should be set up.
- I don't know, though... I guess at least we still have the benefits of things like local testing and access to our packages and stuff like that (even if we truly must bundle them all...)
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
