# v1.0.0 (Major Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new major release of the `typescript-actions` package. It has the potential to introduce breaking changes that may require a large amount of refactoring. Please read the description of changes and migration notes below for more information.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Initial repository setup and infrastructure for TypeScript-based composite GitHub Actions.
    - With the amount of new changes to our tooling, it did take a little longer than I thought it would.
    - It is now 3am at the time of writing this...
- Add a composite action to safely install an NPM dependency globally.
    - This allows us to safely install `alex-c-line` globally in a GitHub Action, for example, and we can install it based on the package.json version or some version range specified in the action input.
    - This solves one of the biggest concerns with my current `github-actions` setup, where we global-install `alex-c-line` at latest, which is problematic because it also means that changes to our release tooling gets very fiddly as a result.
    - With this workflow, it only falls back to latest if the `strict_version_resolution` is false, the version range input is not provided, and the dependency is not in package.json. If the final two of these occurs but `strict_version_resolution` is true, then it errors instead.

## Migration Notes

- Uhh... use the workflow? Technically it is a major as it's the first release, but we're migrating from nothing, so...
- This section is needed in order for release note validation to pass, though, as it is a major release, so yeah.
- Should maybe change this in alex-c-line so that the first release gets an exemption...

## Additional Notes

- I mean, it's alright. It still has a lot of GitHub Actions jank, but I guess I do like the fact that it is locally testable to some extent.
- Really, I suppose we've just gotta keep developing new composite actions this way and see how it plays out.
- Eventually I'd like to move over all our pull request creation logic and comment logic etc. here as well. That way, we can be more compliant with the `superfluous-actions` rule from Zizmor, and it also gives us more control over exactly how we interact with the GitHub API in our workflows.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
