# v1.2.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `typescript-actions` package. It introduces new features and other backwards-compatible changes that should require little to no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Add a `self-install` option to install a package globally from the current repository.
    - This means that, in `alex-c-line` itself, as long as we provide this option, then `alex-c-line` can always run based on its own repository state.
    - This now means that the same reusable workflows in `github-actions` can be used everywhere, including `alex-c-line` itself, and we can always choose the best version of `alex-c-line` to use given the context, even if it means using its own repository's version.
    - This will make our release tooling so much nicer going forward, as we will now have full consistency over the `alex-c-line` version being used, throughout both the workflow itself and in CI.

## Additional Notes

- We used to have this weird thing in the `alex-c-line` release workflows where if you were making changes to the release notes, then there is a chance you could potentially break the release process as a result.
- This would happen if you change something that would also require a change to the `alex-c-line template release-note check` command, because before publishing, it would use the older version of that command rather than the repository one.
- With this change, however, it should no longer be a problem because now we can always use the local `alex-c-line` in `alex-c-line`'s workflows.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
