# v1.2.1 (Patch Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new patch release of the `typescript-actions` package. It includes small, non-breaking changes and should require no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Revert theself-install.
    - It didn't work and I can't be bothered to fight GitHub Actions right now.

## Additional Notes

- Debugging GitHub Actions now is genuinely painful, especially if I have to go through typescript-actions first!
- It means that I have to do TWO separate releases before I can even test the thing I want in the repository I want!
- The flow now is to create a TypeScript action, test it as much as we can there, then release it so it can be used in this repository, then release the version of the repository with the typescript-actions updates, then FINALLY use it in the repository I want, just to find that it didn't work so now we have to go back and do the double-release all over again!
- We could potentially move the actions into this repository, except you also have to remember that locally pinning composite actions in reusable workflows also doesn't tend to always work how you expect them to because a local composite action path resolves relative to the CALLER'S repository!
- Like, GitHub Actions is just genuinely so frustrating to work with as a system. It's not even just the fact that it's YAML anymore - it's the fact that it feels so fundamentally inconsistent all the way through, and we're pretty much stuck with it for as long as our repositories are on GitHub as far as I know!
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
